# EnigmaMachine
State of project:
Fully working other than the customization of the Reflector pairings which has not been implemented. There is also a bug which crashes the program sometimes once the 'reset' button has been pressed. Rotor specifications are fully customizable with 5 different rotor mappings. Key pressing and the lighting up of the encoded key works. Resetting and clearing the TextBoxes work.

Basic User Guide:
Use this machine to encode and decode messages. Using the keyboard, type in your message and see the encoded character light up on the screen's keyboard, and see that character added to the output box that houses your encoded/decoded message. Using the menu, you can reset the machine back to its default setting and clear the current message on the screen or specify the settings and positions of each of the three rotors.

Design and Code Overview:
The MainWindow is the main component of this program. It houses the KeyBoard, TextBoxes, SettingsWindow, and Menu classes. The KeyBoard holds the Keys and the Rotor objects, changing them as specified by the user's keyboard input or their specifications in the SettingsWindow. The different objects generally comunicate to one another through the use of slots and signals. The SettingsWindow is created using QWidgets and the MainWindow is created using QGraphicsItems. The mappings of the Rotors and Reflectors are stored within their classes as members and are decided upon by assigning them to the member 'spec'. The KeyBoard as grabbed the users keyboard inputs and holds the Rotors so that they can quickly use the Rotors to encode/decode the key that was pressed and then light up the encoded/decoded key. It passes the pressed key to the leftmost TextBox and the encoded/decoded key to the right TextBox. With each key press, the first Rotor will rotate one place, changing the current configuration of the three Rotors. When the first Rotor makes a complete rotation, the second Rotor will rotate one place. Same with the third Rotor with respect to the second.
